# ISO 27001:2022 Controls

{%
   include-markdown './_common.include'
   start='<!--controls-note-start-->'
   end='<!--controls-note-end-->'
%}

ISO/IEC 27001:2022 is the latest version of the international standard for Information Security Management Systems (ISMS).
It provides a systematic approach to managing sensitive company information, ensuring its confidentiality, integrity, and availability.

ISO/IEC 27001:2022 is structured around a risk-based approach, where organizations must identify and mitigate security risks through a set of well-defined **controls**.
These controls are detailed in **Annex A** and includes 93 controls categorized into four key themes:

1. **Organizational Controls (37 controls)** – Covering governance, policies, roles, and responsibilities, such as information security roles, supplier relationships, and threat intelligence.
2. **People Controls (8 controls)** – Focused on human factors, including security awareness training, screening, and disciplinary processes.
3. **Physical Controls (14 controls)** – Addressing physical security measures like access controls, equipment security, and environmental protections.
4. **Technological Controls (34 controls)** – Covering cybersecurity measures such as encryption, identity management, and network security.

Welkin can help your organization implement some of these control.

Click on the links below to navigate the documentation by control.

[TAGS]

### Out of Scope ISO 27001:2022 Controls

Note that, some requirements are out-of-scope for Welkin, as listed below:

|                                      NIS2 Minimum Requirement                                     |                                                        Justification for Exclusion                                                       |
|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|
